feat: add AVM Terraform Copilot CLI skills and agent (#498)
Azure/avm-terraform-governance: managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-azapi/SKILL.md

  })
  default     = {}
  nullable    = false
  description = <<DESCRIPTION
(Optional, TFFR6) AzAPI resource types used by this module. Each key is the snake_case form of the ARM resource type with `Microsoft.` dropped and the provider rendered as a single lowercase token. Override individual entries to pin a different API version.
DESCRIPTION
}

variable "retry" {
  type = object({
    error_message_regex  = optional(list(string))
    interval_seconds     = optional(number)
    max_interval_seconds = optional(number)
  })
  default     = null
  description = "(Optional, TFFR7) Retry configuration applied to every AzAPI resource managed by the module."
}

variable "timeouts" {
  type = object({
    create = optional(string)
    read   = optional(string)
    update = optional(string)
    delete = optional(string)
  })
  default     = null
  description = "(Optional, TFFR7) Default per-operation timeouts applied to every AzAPI resource. Go duration strings (`30m`, `1h`)."
}
```

```hcl
# main.tf
data "azapi_client_config" "current" {}

resource "azapi_resource" "this" {
  type      = var.resource_types.search_search_services       # TFFR6 — NEVER inline a literal type

>   parent_id = "/subscriptions/${data.azapi_client_config.current.subscription_id}/resourceGroups/${var.resource_group_name}"

Reviewer: TFRMFR1 (MUST) requires a single string `parent_id` variable and explicitly forbids `resource_group_name`:

> Modules **MUST NOT** expose `resource_group_name`, `resource_group_resource_id`, or any other parent-scope-specific variable.

This supersedes the Terraform clause of RMFR3. Same pattern appears in `avm-tf-codestyle`, `avm-tf-classifications`, `avm-tf-documentation`, `avm-tf-testing` and `avm-tf-submodules`, so it's worth a sweep.

```suggestion
  parent_id = var.parent_id                                   # TFRMFR1 — a single string input, never derived from resource_group_name
```

Author: Fixed — the example uses `parent_id = var.parent_id` and no longer derives it from `resource_group_name`, per TFRMFR1.

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-azapi/SKILL.md#L87

      networkRuleSet = var.allowed_ips == null ? null : {
        bypass  = "AzureServices"
        ipRules = [for ip in var.allowed_ips : { value = ip }]
      }

      encryptionWithCmk = var.customer_managed_key == null ? null : {
        enforcement = "Enabled"
      }
    }
  }

  # TFFR4 — required attribute, set to [] if nothing is needed downstream
  response_export_values = [
    "identity.principalId",
    "properties.privateEndpointConnections",
  ]

  # TFFR5 — required attribute. Use [] when no properties need a replace trigger.
  replace_triggers_refs = []

  # TFFR7 — driven by var.retry, not a hard-coded block. The module MAY default
  # `retry.error_message_regex` to known transient errors for this RP.
  dynamic "retry" {
    for_each = var.retry == null ? [] : [var.retry]
    content {
      error_message_regex  = coalesce(retry.value.error_message_regex, ["ResourceGroupNotFound", "AnotherOperationInProgress"])
      interval_seconds     = coalesce(retry.value.interval_seconds, 10)
      max_interval_seconds = coalesce(retry.value.max_interval_seconds, 60)
    }

>   }

Reviewer: `retry` is an attribute on `azapi_resource`, so this won't work as written. TFFR7 spells it out and gives the canonical example:

> `retry` is an attribute on `azapi_resource`, so the variable can be assigned directly. `timeouts` is a block, so a `dynamic "timeouts"` block is required.

```suggestion
  # TFFR7 — `retry` is an attribute on azapi_resource, so assign the variable
  # directly. Only `timeouts` is a block requiring `dynamic`. Module-level
  # defaults for known transient errors belong on the variable, not here.
  retry = var.retry
```

Author: Corrected — `retry` is assigned directly as an attribute (`retry = var.retry`), not wrapped in a `dynamic` block.

Resolved: https://github.com/lestermarch/avm-terraform-governance/blob/f72a170/managed-files/root/.github/skills/avm-tf-azapi/SKILL.md#L132
